CIAC-8501 FortiManager XSIAM Modeling (#33420)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiManager/README.md

# Fortinet FortiManager
 
<~XSIAM>
 
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content.
 
## Configuration on Server Side

> To configure Fortinet FortiManager to forward logs to Cortex XSIAM Broker VM via syslog follow the steps below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Fortinet FortiManager to forward logs to Cortex XSIAM Broker VM via syslog follow the steps below.
```

> 1. Go to System Settings &rarr Advanced &rarr Syslog Server
> 2. On the top pane, select Syslog Server tab 
> 3. A new Syslog server window will be open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **System Settings** &rarr **Advanced** &rarr **Syslog Server**.
2. On the top pane, select the **Syslog Server** tab. A new Syslog server window will be open.
```

> 4. Choose a name for the new Syslog server
> 5. Insert the IP address (or FQDM - Fully Qualified Domain Names) of the target listener
> 6. Insert port number of the target listener (default port is 514)
> for more information [click here - FortiManager documentation](https://docs2.fortinet.com/document/fortimanager/6.0.3/administration-guide/235746/syslog-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose a name for the new Syslog server.
4. Insert the IP address (or FQDM - Fully Qualified Domain Names) of the target listener.
5. Insert port number of the target listener. (Default port is 514).
For more information see [FortiManager documentation](https://docs2.fortinet.com/document/fortimanager/6.0.3/administration-guide/235746/syslog-server).
```

2. Go to the **Apps** column under the **Brokers** tab and add the **Syslog Collector** app for the relevant broker instance. If the app already exists, hover over it and click **Configure**.
3. Click **Add New** for adding a new syslog data source.
4. When configuring the new syslog data source, set the following values:
   | Parameter     | Value   
   | :---          | :---        
   | `Vendor`      | Enter **Fortinet**.
   | `Product`     | Enter **FortiManager**.
   | `Port`        | Enter port number for Cortex XSIAM Broker VM to listen to (default is 514)
   | `Protocol`    | Default is UDP
 

### XQL Queries
The following query returns all mapped XDM Fields
```sql
| datamodel dataset = fortinet_fortimanager_raw 
| fields fortinet_fortimanager_raw._raw_log,
    xdm.event.id,
    xdm.event.original_event_type,
    xdm.alert.severity,
    xdm.event.type,
    xdm.event.description,
    xdm.source.user.username,
    xdm.source.host.hostname,
    xdm.source.user.groups,
    xdm.event.operation_sub_type,
    xdm.session_context_id,
    xdm.auth.privilege_level,
    xdm.target.resource.type,
    xdm.source.ipv4,
    xdm.source.ipv6,
    xdm.event.log_level 
```

> Severity field according Fortinet FortiManager [Documentation](https://docs.fortinet.com/document/fortimanager/7.4.2/log-message-reference/547625/priority-levels)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the severity fields according the Fortinet FortiManager [Documentation](https://docs.fortinet.com/document/fortimanager/7.4.2/log-message-reference/547625/priority-levels).
```

Author: This section was removed
